inside this box is my new phone which is
great because as you can see I
desperately need one the
S2 very funny you guys s23 Ultra s look
I know they didn't change much this time
around but I personally think that a new
kind of Glass on the front of a phone
yeah that's totally enough to justify a
new revision number also that isn't the
only thing they changed they've upgraded
to the Snapdragon 8 gen 3 processor the
base model comes with 12 gigs of RAM
instead of just 8 gigs and
Ai No I'm sure there must be something
else oh yes the second telephoto lens
the zoom one is 5X with a 50 megapixel
camera and a faster lens and it's got a
titanium frame nice I like titanium
titani get a Galaxy titanium that's it
huh but there's still a lot for us to
experience starting with the display
Samsung claims that this new display
will reach peak brightnesses of
2600 nits and what's even more
unbelievable than that is the fact that
we reached even higher results in our
independent testing
HDR and we're going to look at this in a
second but first can we talk about this
gorilla armor I mean normally here on
the short circuit set Reflections are a
huge problem on devices but both to my
eye and even in the camera look at this
guys that's a studio light look at that
completely washed out on a mere mortal
phone is that freaking impressive or
what here I'm try to catch that light
look at that that's crazy we should just
open the video with this not to mention
the difference in color performance did
we really open this with ah it's kind of
an s23 S because that screen I don't
think I've seen anything quite like it
on a phone and that anti-glare coating
not to mention it's not just anti- glare
it almost it almost looks like a matte
display but but to touch it it's still
glossy I really like this there's a lot
to like here here let's do a quick
physical tour at the bottom we've got
our Sim slot USBC charging port one of
our speaker ports and got to love
it once you get used to the S Pen man
it's a funny thing because I don't use
it every day but when I use it I'm like
I'm really glad I have this okay check
this out it was dat night the other
night and my wife and I have these
little cards that tell us okay here's
what you're going to do on date night
you just scratch it and and that's what
you do so our card earlier this week is
all go to a dollar store buy glow sticks
and tape and turn yourself into glow
stick stick people so we were like oh
well this is you know really cool and
it'd be great to get a picture of
ourselves dressed up like this but we
don't want to ask anyone else to take it
so I set up my phone on a log grab my S
Pen remote shutter let's go oh I guess
she asked me not to share this with the
internet the point is I like the S Pen
on the top microphone I guess we've got
an amplified earpiece speaker just right
in there and then over on the side we've
got our volume rocker as well as our
lock button and oh 5G cutout very nice
get that millim wave we're looking at a
very similar camera ARR to last time
we've got a 200 megap Main shooter a 12
megap Ultra wide instead of the 10 and
10 telephotos we have a 10 and then the
50 megapixel telephoto that I already
told you guys about and then at the
front we're looking at a 12 megapixel
selfie camera as usual with Samsung you
can double click to open up your camera
app double click again boom I'm taking a
selfie oh that looks really sharp damn
that looks really
good the initial
reaction the later
reaction wow that that minimum
brightness though honestly as a
nighttime phone user in some ways that's
more important to me than how bright it
can go cuz phones are already bright
enough I can use them under basic
Landing conditions look at that that is
not even close that's
awesome I can't even see that and that's
a good thing obviously it's a very old
phone to be comparing it to GES but
that's something that I think our little
joke about s23 Ultra s didn't really
captures most people are not upgrading
their phone from the very last
generation they're upgrading from
something older this is so dim I can't
find the
slider there we go got it fixed and
there's a lot to like here I've always
kind of liked the curved display I know
I know I'm sorry they've gone with a
flat display this time doesn't really
bother me either way so if that's
something you're into then that's great
and performance while we found that it
wasn't actually as good as some of the
other Snapdragon 8 gen 3 devices that
we've checked out recently it's
certainly better than the last gen I do
have to wonder why this is given how
much Samsung has talked about their
amazing cooling solution for this film I
mean it's certainly not
size constraint she's chunky boys though
if I had to guess at something I would
say maybe they don't want the difference
to the exos one to be too much that's
that's all conspiracy the I got my tin
foil hat on for that one I mean I've got
the hair do for it I'm not saying it's
aliens but aliens one thing that's not
different from one region to the next is
the titanium frame I um I don't
know like cool I guess right like that's
neat I think most people are probably
going to put a case on it speaking of
cases our sponsor dbrand their grip line
of cases is now available for the s24
series they are well I mean it's
self-explanatory they're grippy they
feel great in the hands the buttons are
super clicky which I still do not fully
understand how they've done using a like
rubberized case to add extra click to
the button I don't know it doesn't
matter the point is it supports mag safe
and it's available now at Short lin.com
not only did they buy the domain they
keep renewing
it coming back to Performance in games
the s24 ultra was also behind other
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 devices particularly
when it comes to frame time consistency
so the 1% lows that we observed in
Dolphin as well as genin impact were a
little bit on the lower side which is to
say you're still going to be getting a
pretty darn good gaming experience play
wi games on this thing incredible
another area where it falls behind other
similarly equipped phones though is
battery longevity to be clear we are not
disputing Samsung's claims of all day
battery life in fact we found that we
got over 24 hours of YouTube playback at
480p 200 nits brightness that's great it
just isn't the 30 hours that Samsung
claims our stress test saw us land just
shy of 3 hours which is pretty darn
solid and our charge time was very
reasonable an hour at 65 WTS though
should be noted that um that was not
with an included
charger does it have Wi-Fi 7 yes hey
that's not in the list Wi-Fi 7 is
freaking awesome and if you don't
already love it you should what about
Bluetooth 5.4 no 5.3 5.4 is some big
improvements in terms of latency as long
as you have a compatible
device anyway okay still y57 very cool
the display is 6.8 in it's 12 20 HZ so
obviously it feels super smooth and
we've managed to get this far into this
video without talking about any of the
Glorious AI now I haven't personally
experienced any of this stuff so the one
and only Jake bellance our producer on
short circuit is going to tell me two
that are the best that I should
experience right now does all kinds of
cool stuff their Notes app now locally
will handle transcribing your
conversations and meetings apparently it
can even handle multiple people there's
interpreter functions Android auto it'll
summarize incoming messages and suggest
relevant replies that's super cool ooh
Galaxy AI editing tools okay so in your
photos some of these things run locally
so if you want to remove a shadow or
reflection or something like that
that'll actually run on the beefed up AI
processor that's built right into the
phone but then some of these things do
rely on the cloud like if you want to
move a person around or remove an object
okay bellance what are we doing Circle
to search with Google Circle to search
with Google all right okay okay okay
okay okay so I'm going to take a picture
and I have no idea how this stuff works
I wasn't at impact so I'm going to take
a picture of myself I'm taking a picture
of myself picture I'm going to take a
picture of myself then I'm going to then
I'm going to hold the home button which
one's the home oh my God Bix where's the
home where the hell's the home button
how do I find the home button I don't
have on screen buttons it's broken I
broke
it got your S Pen yeah I've got it just
chill you just hold on the bar what
that's stupid okay hold home
button okay I'm going to search this guy
yeah I'm try I'm trying to try it
now there no
way I did not stage that I did not stage
that uh
okay we can search for anything so I
don't know I could just do this like
anytime this is so
cool why are all the results from Reddit
so far are they just appending Reddit to
every search okay what's this
thing okay what is that I swear to God
if this is Reddit again no way no way no
way actual link to buy okay this feature
exclusive to the s24 series right now
actually I think it's all coming to the
s23 too all the AI stuff but there is no
way this doesn't come to basically
anything that'll do it because Google
desperately wants all this delicious
data they want it anytime you're going
to buy Google's like I'm there oh who
wait wait wait oh man I could play with
this feature all day I
think
okay can't find it oh no way I'll D
store.com
baby it's so fast cuz it runs locally
thank God we're all over this whole
Cloud thing you know why it happened
because Google and Microsoft and all
these guys are looking at their Data
Center cost going like holy how is this
sustainable what what is it that thing
we used to do where we put like
processing power in the user's actual
device let's do that love it swiping up
is going to give us some quick fixes we
could add some background
blur you know what that's actually not
bad more blur less blur
pretty
cool especially for only having you know
one camera not bad though not bad
especially if it's doing this processing
on device object eraser this is all this
is stupid let's get rid of it that's
very usable yeah that's you know what
I'm I'm kind of into it that is
definitely an improvement let's get a
picture of me with shadows on my face
then makes my nose look even bigger
which is impressive oh here we go here
we go here we go okay well well oh no
what um yeah how about just this the oh
um oh boy okay not what I intended uh I
I I don't want to get rid of any of the
dynamism in my lighting I just I just
want to remove this like weird Shadow on
my face and instead we just get like
this weird nonsense
[Music]
uh now
that that is some nightmare fuel it has
like an assist which is kind of cool to
help you stay on the lines at least it
feels like it I that
wow buddy that's pretty
good okay give me one
more AI editing tools AI editing tools
all right let's take a picture
okay so how do we do this uh oh this
maybe advanced intelligence
oo
really okay reimagine your images move
remove and resize the people and objects
and use advanced intelligence to fill in
the background okay so that was like the
crappy local version we were using
before this is super cool I want this
computer to
move yeah
okay I'm going to put it there so what
this is free until 2025 and then
realistically after that you get to
pay dang that's actually not bad how did
it fill this in did it just guess or is
it using imagery of the Northern Lights
desk pad like did it go find out what
this thing is and what's supposed to be
there that's pretty impressive save his
copy a visible Watermark will be
overlaid on the output image in order to
indicate that it is AI generated so this
is interesting especially in light of
the recent controversy with AI generated
images of Taylor Swift Samsung is
marking both in the metadata and
actually on the image
itself that the image has been yeah
there it is AI doctored there it is
right there that would be so hard to
crop out and then repost with no
metadata somewhere this solves the
problem verbal irony
hilarious solution
solved subscribe to Short Circuit oh
wait we didn't talk pricing the s24
series is priced anywhere from 40 at the
1 TB capacity to $100 more than the s23
series and while the s23 series was
priced really high this uplift doesn't
seem that unreasonable given that at
that base tier where it's 100 Adder at
least you're getting additional RAM how
do you feel about that Apple should
should anyone put any RAM on their
devices or will it make you look bad at
any rate that's it for today subscribe
to Short Circuit see you later guys